Add balenaHub link to end of getting started guide (#1792)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/getting-started.md

## Next steps

> - To easily find, deploy and publish your applications for balena supported devices, head to [balenaHub](https://hub.balena.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To easily find, deploy and publish your applications for {{ $names.company.lower }} supported devices, head to [balenaHub](https://hub.balena.io)
```
Purely nitpick, otherwise LGTM
On the word, `supported devices` we can embed this link - https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/hardware/devices/

Reviewer: Actually let me add that.

- Manage your device fleet with the use of [configuration][configuration], [environment][service], and [service variables][service].
- Explore these [example projects][projects] to give you an idea of more things you can do with {{ $names.company.lower }}.
- If you find yourself stuck or confused, help is just a [click away][help].

> - For an easier way to find and publish apps and projects for edge devices, head to [balenaHub](https://hub.balena.io)

Reviewer: @somombo Can you instead remove line 183 altogether and add this instead. 

Read more about these [example projects][projects] to give you an idea of more things you can do with {{ $names.company.lower }}

For Line 185, 

```suggestion
- To easily find, deploy and publish your applications for balena supported devices, head to [balenaHub](https://hub.balena.io)
```

Move line 185 a bit higher than other points, as Hub is our most maintained collection of projects to deploy and work with.
